hey what's up guys
today I'll show you a thriller film: "The Woman"
spoiler ahead, watch out and take care
an injured feral woman is treating her wound with mud by the river
she was abandoned by her parents when she was little
a female wolf found her and raised her
she has grown up in the forest, far away from the civilized world
she has dark skin, a keen sense of smell, and sharp teeth
which enable her to survive in the wild
one morning, the woman is bathing in a river and is not aware of danger approaching
a man is observing her through a gun with an evil smile
he is deeply attracted by her wild beauty
driven by his hormones, he follows her to a cave in the distance but he doesn't shoot her
he has come up with an evil plan
this man is called Chris, a lawyer who has a wife and three kids
living in a big house outside the city
when he comes back home, the first thing he asks his wife and children to do
is to clean the cellar before dinner
they are surprised and don't know what happened
but they don't dare to ask Chris why
as they are afraid of him and he is the head of the family
Chris's wife feels a bit worried because she knows her husband is a psychopath
in the early morning, Chris captures the woman with a net
as soon as she comes out of the cave
he knocks her out and takes her home
restrains her with a wire rope and hangs her up in the cellar
he touches and sniffs her smelly body
when he is checking her rotten teeth
his finger is chewed off and eaten by the woman
in anger, Chris slaps her in the face
the woman doesn't surrender, glaring at him with a stony-faced expression
Chris decides to teach her a lesson
to tame the woman, he tightens the rope and shoots her in the ear, warning her to be obedient
the woman starts to give in
later, Chris takes everyone to the cellar
and announces his plan of "civilizing" the woman in front of the family
nobody objects to him
his son is obsessed with the plan
his eldest daughter is scared
while his wife is calm and emotionless
she seems to be used to it
his youngest daughter is too young to understand what is going on
when they feed the woman, they use a rake to push the food towards her for safety
the woman shows no interest in the food
she knocks it over with her head and shows her teeth
Chris orders the family not to tell others about the woman
after dinner, the youngest daughter goes down to the gate of the cellar
and plays music with her recorder, trying to befriend the woman
it's the woman's first time to hear music, which comforts her a lot
in this family, Chris is the authority and the source of his daughter's fear
before going to bed, Chris's wife raises doubt about the plan
she is not sure if they should do this
Chris slaps her in the face before she can finish her sentence
she doesn't dare to say anything more
in the cellar, the woman tries to get rid of the rope
but she is too hungry and weak
she starts to eat the moldy food on the floor
Chris asks his wife to boil some water and bring it to the cellar with his son
he thinks the woman is too dirty and wants to wash her
he wipes her face with a wet towel
the woman is not used to warm water
but she doesn't have any strength to resist, just looking at the wife
watching her husband wiping the woman's body intimately, the wife is jealous and disturbed
Chris senses his wife is unhappy, so he shouts at her
telling her to stop looking at them with that look, and that is what he has to do
the wife bends over and picks up a piece of wood, walking slowly towards them
the woman sees hope
she thinks the wife understands her and is going to save her
much to her disappointment, she just tells Chris to tighten a loosened screw
in case the woman escapes
Chris praises his wife
the woman holds a grudge against his wife
since the woman is too dirty to be wiped clean
Chris decides to clean her with a high-pressure power washer in the garden
the woman is tied and can't move
the powerful stream causes her lots of pain
the eldest daughter can't bear to watch her suffering
so she begs Chris to turn off the washer
but Chris ignores her and continues
so the girl rushes to turns it off
Chris didn't expect his daughter to disobey him
he shouts at her and asks her to turn it back on
the woman begs Chris, imitating his daughter and saying "please" vaguely
Chris is happy to see that, thinking that the civilizing plan is working
he takes the woman back to the cellar
then asks his wife to fetch a first aid kit and some food
the wife treats the woman's wound and dresses her up
admiring the woman, Chris jokes to his wife that the woman looks like his concubine
the wife is embarrassed and doesn't know how to answer
later on, Chris feeds the woman food and water himself and teaches her to say "thank you"
the woman begins to seemingly adapt to this life
at night, Chris goes to the cellar while his wife is sleeping
in fact, his wife just pretends to be asleep
she knows what her psychopath husband is up to
shortly after, Chris can't hold his boiling hormones any longer and rapes the woman
while his son observes in secret
the woman notices the peeping son, staring at him with a sharp look
the next day, the boy comes to the cellar alone
the woman stares at him fiercely
while he gives her a biscuit
seeing that she has no intention to eat it
he throws it away and tortures her with a pair of pliers
the eldest daughter hears the woman's scream and rushes to the cellar
she scolds him for his cruelty and asks him to get out
seeing the woman is covered in blood, she apologizes to her for her family
the woman doesn't understand what she is saying
the eldest daughter tells her mother what her brother had done
the mother gets very angry
she doesn't tell him off right away but waits for Chris to come home
as soon as Chris gets home, she tells him what his son did, hoping he can discipline him
however, Chris is not impressed at all
he just asks his son if what she said is true
his wife can't believe he is so twisted
he asks his son again and gets a confirmed answer from the son's look
then he says no one is hurt
his wife is absolutely shattered to hear it
Chris explains that the boy is just a teenager, and it's normal to do so
also, the woman is clean now
there won't be any problem
the wife can't stand it anymore
she can't understand how he can be so evil and be so cruel to a human being
Chris thinks it is not a big deal
she says what he did to the dog is enough to put him in prison
Chris is annoyed and blames it on her
she announces that she is going to take her daughters and leave him and the son alone
her words totally enrage him
he punches her and knocks her out
though scared, the eldest daughter goes to check on her mother
Chris asks the girl to give her a towel, and she will be fine
just then, the doorbell rings
Chris orders his son to help his mother sit on the chair
it is the eldest daughter's teacher, who believes the girl is pregnant
because she often asks for sick leave and goes to the toilet during class
the eldest daughter also throws up often, and even her dressing style has changed
today the girl didn't go to school, so the teacher decided to do a home visit
the girl rejects her teacher at the door and asks her to leave
but it is too late
Chris hears her and invites her into the house
the teacher would like to talk to the mother
but Chris insists she talks with him in front of everyone
because there is no secret in the family
the teacher then tells him that she thinks his eldest daughter is pregnant
the girl denies it immediately
she can't imagine what her father would do to her if he knows
Chris stands up and assures the teacher the girl can't be pregnant
because she has no boyfriend
if she is, he would know
he says there are only two men in this house, he and his son
he thinks the teacher is humiliating him
the teacher is astonished to hear this
she now understands why the girl didn't want to let her in
she wants to leave in a hurry
but she is knocked out before she can open the door
Chris ties the teacher and drags her through the garden
his eldest daughter keeps begging Chris to let her teacher go
Chris doesn't listen and verbally assaults her
in his eyes, all women are nothing and are worth less than a dog
Chris drags the teacher to a barn where he keeps two vicious dogs
he locks the teacher with the dogs in a cage
Chris and the boy watch her struggling with fear and being attacking by the dogs
suddenly, a blind woman that behaves like a dog appears and kills the teacher
the eldest daughter takes the chance and releases the woman imprisoned in the cellar
the woman kills the wife that just woke up
then she goes to the barn where she kills the boy with a board
and rips Chris's heart out and eats it
the eldest daughter is terrified and wants to escape with her little sister
while she is looking for the car key
the little sister walks towards the woman and hands her a bottle of water
the woman accepts it and drinks the water
she doesn't attack the girls
she takes the little sister's hand and invites the eldest daughter to come with her
the eldest daughter is reluctant at first
thinking there is nothing left in this family but only traumas, she follows the woman
in the end, they all leave together and walk into the woods
this's Daniel CC movie channel, peace out